HUGHMUNGUS FUCKING CHANGES THE PROJECT IS DEAD (#154)
sw-bachelor/sw6: report/sections/sprint2/sprint-2-planning.tex

 \item "As a citizen I would like to be able to view my week plan so that I know what is going to happen" 
 \item "As a guardian I would like to be able to view a given citizen's week plan so that I can get an overview of what is happening this week for them"
\end{itemize}
We also needed to prepare a release for sprint 2, where we decided which user stories should be included, based on whether or not they adequately fulfilled their requirements and how well they worked with the rest of the system.

> There should also be conducted a usability test with the customers to assure that the release actually functions as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A usability test should also be conducted with the customers to ensure that the release actually functions as intended.
```
